# Protein Pow(d)er

This project uses algorithms to search for the best possible way to fold a protein string, such that the string is as stable as possible. In this case, a protein string consists of 3 sorts of amino acids, called P (Polar), H (Hydrophobic) and C (Cysteine). Two H's next to each other can score -1 point together, two C's can score -5 points, a H and a C can score -1 point and P will never score any points. As the stability is counted in negative values, a lower score implies a better stability.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
The code is fully written in [Python3.6.9](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-369/). In requirements.txt one can find all necessary packages needed to run the code without fail, they can be installed by using the following command in the terminal:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Structure
All python files can be found in the map code. In the map results one can find all results generated by the python code.

### Running the code
There are two ways to run the code in this project. The first way is to simply run:

```
python main.py
```
This is the custom made User Interface of the project, the user can easily submit the input arguments he/she wants to use to perform the provided algorithms.

The second way is to use the Python Console. As most code in the project is designed to be used as a package, one must import these functions. For simplicity, import_packages.py imports all these immediately, do make sure to stay in this directory. Run:

```
Python

from import_packages import *
```

You are now in the Python Console and have access to all methods in the code. To get started, create a protein object:

```
protein = Protein("your_protein_string", dim3=True)
```

where your_protein_string is the protein which you want to fold and
dim3 is for the use of the third dimension. True means 3D, False means 2D. Now that you have created your protein object, you can start generating paths.

More information about the methods the user can use is provided in code/README.md.

### Authors
* Gilbert ter Beek
* Gregor Bolderink
* Samer Darras

### Acknowledgments
* Stackoverflow
