# Results
In the results maps are all results generated by the code in the project. The main folder consists of four maps. Named string1, string2, string3 and string4. The proteins used in these folders are taken from the case. String1 is the shortest protein string with only P and H. String 2 is the largest with P and H. String 3 and string 4 are the largest strings with P, H and C.

### Strings used in folders
string1 = HPHPPHHPHPPHPHHPPHPH
string2 = HHPHPHPHPHHHHPHPPPHPPPHPPPPHPPPHPPPHPHHHHPHPHPHPHH
string3 = HCPHPCPHPCHCHPHPPPHPPPHPPPPHPCPHPPPHPHHHCCHCHCHCHH
string4 = HCPHPHPHCHHHHPCCPPHPPPHPPPPCPPPHPPPHPHHHHCHPHPHPHH

### General
In each folder are results that belong to the specified protein string. One can find folders belonging to the algorithms and some files that include results of all algorithms. In these folders are specific results generated for specific algorithms. There are folders for greedy, chunky path and forward search. All these algorithm files contain a csv and png of the best found path. The specifics can be found in the file names.

In all string folders is a comparing algorithm png. This histogram puts all algorithms in the same graph so the user can easily compare the algorithms.

### Greedy
In all greedy folders, one can find histograms that compare the care factors, depending on the dimensions used. This can be found in a file named care_hist_2D_10000it_00-05.png (or 3D). This means that 10000 paths are made for every specified care factor. The last part specifies the range of the care factor.

### Chunky Path
In the chunky path folders are some extra care histograms and chunk size tests. Except for the chunk size, the care histograms are the same as greedy. The chunk size in the care histogram can be found in the name by n=chunk_size.

The chunk size tests are for comparing different chunk sizes. The files are named chunk_size_compare_2min_6-12_2D (or 3D). This means that every chunk size has generated paths for 2 minutes. 6-12 is the chunk size range, with steps of 2.

### Forward Search
In the forward search folders are some tests for the depth, where it will be tested which depth would provide the best result. The files are called depth_test_min5_3_4_5_2D.png (or 3D). This means that every depth is tested for 5 minutes (this number is not always 5) and the a depth range of 3,4 and 5 is used.
